README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Talos Bootstrap OpenTofu Module</h1>
<p align="center"><i>OpenTofu module to bootstrap and configure machines using Talos Linux. </i></p>
<div align="center">
<a href="[https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/stargazers](https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/stargazers)"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Stars Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Issues Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="License Badge"/></a>
</div>

## Usage

```terraform
module talos {
  source  = "https://github.com/openjamlab/tofu-talos-bootstrap.git"
  version = "v1.0.0"

  cluster = {
    name               = "myCluster"
    vip_address        = "10.0.0.30"
    kubernetes_version = "v1.30.2"
    talos_version      = "v1.7.5"
  }

  node_data = {
    default_gateway = "10.0.0.1"
    dns_endpoint    = "10.0.0.1"
    ntp_endpoint    = "time.cloudflare.com"

    control_plane = {
      nodes = {
      /*
      Nodes MUST be valid IPv4 addresses.
      */
        "10.0.0.31" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.32" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.33" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        }
      }
    }

    worker = {
      nodes = {
      /*
      Nodes MUST be valid IPv4 addresses.
      */
        "10.0.0.34" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.35" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.36" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        }
      }
    }
  }

/*
An example on how to include extra talos config, also applies to extra_controlplane_config and extra_worker_config variables.
*/
extra_global_config = <<EOF
install:
  wipe: false
EOF

extra_controlplane_config = ""

extra_worker_config = ""
}
```

## Get kubeconfig & talosconfig

```
tofu output -raw kubeconfig > ~/.kube/config
tofu output -raw talosconfig > ~/.talos/config
```

Commit message:

Add comments to add output.tf

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Talos Bootstrap OpenTofu Module</h1>
<p align="center"><i>OpenTofu module to bootstrap and configure machines using Talos Linux. </i></p>
<div align="center">
<a href="[https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/stargazers](https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/stargazers)"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Stars Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="Issues Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jamie-stinson/common-helm-library?style=for-the-badge" alt="License Badge"/></a>
</div>

## Usage

```terraform
module talos {
  source  = "https://github.com/openjamlab/tofu-talos-bootstrap.git"
  version = "v1.0.0"

  cluster = {
    name               = "myCluster"
    vip_address        = "10.0.0.30"
    kubernetes_version = "v1.30.2"
    talos_version      = "v1.7.5"
  }

  node_data = {
    default_gateway = "10.0.0.1"
    dns_endpoint    = "10.0.0.1"
    ntp_endpoint    = "time.cloudflare.com"

    control_plane = {
      nodes = {
      /*
      Nodes MUST be valid IPv4 addresses.
      */
        "10.0.0.31" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.32" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.33" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        }
      }
    }

    worker = {
      nodes = {
      /*
      Nodes MUST be valid IPv4 addresses.
      */
        "10.0.0.34" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.35" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        },
        "10.0.0.36" = {
          install_disk = "/dev/sda"
        }
      }
    }
  }

/*
An example on how to include extra talos config, also applies to extra_controlplane_config and extra_worker_config variables.
*/
extra_global_config = <<EOF
install:
  wipe: false
EOF

extra_controlplane_config = ""

extra_worker_config = ""
}
```

## Get kubeconfig & talosconfig

Create an output.tf file with the following contents.

```terraform
output "talosconfig" {
  value     = module.talos.talosconfig
  sensitive = true
}

output "kubeconfig" {
  value     = module.talos.kubeconfig
  sensitive = true
}
```

Run the following commands to write kubeconfig and talosconfig files to local.

```
tofu output -raw kubeconfig > ~/.kube/config
tofu output -raw talosconfig > ~/.talos/config
```
